Keywords: NDC8, System manager, System Application Designer, Vehicle Software Designer, Vehicle Diagnostic Tool, CWatý, Reflector Survey, Sick S3000 scanner, 
          FlexiSoft Designer, Beckhoff Bus Coupler, TwinCAT3, OPC UA, CanBus, KepseverEx, Rocla Fleet Controller
          
1. Project name: Aprolis Dossin in France
This was a big project with 11 Very Narrow Aisle (VNA) vehicles. It was kind of a training project for me to work with our Senior System Engineer. This project
was a good opportunity for me to understand the system design, the complex VNA vehicle, testing methods, Safety systems and our vehicle Software codebase. i spent
2 weeks on this site

2. Project Name: BMI Jessen in Germany
This was my first project alone. The site was already in production. I was there to make some modifications requested by customer. It included conveyor handshakes, Fire
alarm test, Maintenance station programming, troubleshooting, Layout changes and Operator training.

3. Project Name: Carl Macher GMB in Germany
This is one of the most challenging projects I was involved in. It was 6 AWT vehicles with pallet finder. I took over this site from another Commissioning Engineer and had
to do a lot of things from scratch again. I did a lot of troubleshooting, layout modifications, SW changes, I/O handshaking with third party conveyor system and operator
training. I spent 6 weeks on this site on and off to complete the project.

4. Project Name: Bring in Norway
This was an old VNA vehicle project in Norway where 10 old vehicles were already running. New project included 2 new VNA vehicles. This was challenging as the dimension
of the new vehicle were different than the old ones and fitting the new vehicles in old layout was kind of challenging. Also the rack beam finder sensor from Sick used in
old vehicles were out of production and new sensors were included in the new vehicles. I spent 40 days in Norway to complete the project. 

5. Project Name: Betatex in Italy
This was in a small scale warehouse with a mixed system of 2 ATX and 2 VNA vehicles. This was my first project with Rocla FleetController system. I did some design work 
in the office alongside our Senior System Engineer. On site, I did Reflector survey, vehicle tuning, layout adjustments, vehicle SW bug reports and modifications, Charger installations and programming
with Beckhoff PLC, I/O handshake testing with wrapper conveyor and fire doors etc. I spent 50 days on site on and off to complete the project.

6. Project Name: AstraZeneca in Sweden
This was the last commissioning project I was involved in. This is a 7 ATX vehicle system. I spent 9 days on site to help Commissioning Engineer to find vehicle issues 
and SW bugs.
